feat: SecureBlue, WayBlue (#116)
castrojo/awesome-immutable: README.md

			- [Aurora](https://getaurora.dev/) - An Universal Blue OCI image focused on general and development use, based on [Fedora Kinoite](https://fedoraproject.org/atomic-desktops/kinoite/)
			- [uCore](https://projectucore.io/) - An Universal Blue OCI image focused on server use, based on [Fedora CoreOS](https://fedoraproject.org/coreos/)
		- Community & Downstream OCI Projects - These projects are built using Universal Blue infrastructure or base images and utilize BlueBuild to provide specialized versions of the uBlue stack.
			- [SecureBlue](https://github.com/secureblue/secureblue) - A security-hardened project that adds kernel hardening, a hardened memory allocator (from GrapheneOS), and reduced attack surfaces to the Fedora Atomic/uBlue base.
			- [WayBlue](https://github.com/wayblueorg/wayblue) - A community-driven collection of images providing lean, minimally-opinionated Wayland window managers (Hyprland, Sway, River, Niri) built on the uBlue framework.
		- Independent Fedora Atomic Distributions - These projects leverage Fedora’s OCI/bootc technology but are entirely independent of Universal Blue and have unique architectural philosophies.

> 			- [RakuOS](https://github.com/RakuOS) - A highly active "Hybrid Atomic" distribution. It utilizes the performance-optimized **CachyOS kernel** and SCX schedulers. Unlike standard atomic distros, it features a unique persistent overlay that allows users to instantly install native packages via `dnf` without relying on slow `rpm-ostree` layering. Available in KDE, GNOME, and COSMIC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

See https://github.com/Malix-Labs/Awesome-Atomic/issues/115#issuecomment-4319420987

> 			- [Origami Linux](https://origami.wf/) - An opinionated, aesthetics-focused distribution featuring the COSMIC desktop and also powered by the **CachyOS kernel**. Designed as a "container-first" developer environment, it explicitly replaces standard legacy shell utilities with blazing-fast Rust alternatives (like `eza`, `bat`, and `ripgrep`) out of the box.

Reviewer: Not accepted for sure yet, see #114

			- [Bluefin](https://projectbluefin.io/) - An Universal Blue OCI image focused on general and development use, based on [Fedora Silverblue](https://fedoraproject.org/atomic-desktops/silverblue)
			- [Aurora](https://getaurora.dev/) - An Universal Blue OCI image focused on general and development use, based on [Fedora Kinoite](https://fedoraproject.org/atomic-desktops/kinoite/)
			- [uCore](https://projectucore.io/) - An Universal Blue OCI image focused on server use, based on [Fedora CoreOS](https://fedoraproject.org/coreos/)
		- Community & Downstream OCI Projects - These projects are built using Universal Blue infrastructure or base images and utilize BlueBuild to provide specialized versions of the uBlue stack.
			- [SecureBlue](https://github.com/secureblue/secureblue) - A security-hardened project that adds kernel hardening, a hardened memory allocator (from GrapheneOS), and reduced attack surfaces to the Fedora Atomic/uBlue base.

> 			- [WayBlue](https://github.com/wayblueorg/wayblue) - A community-driven collection of images providing lean, minimally-opinionated Wayland window managers (Hyprland, Sway, River, Niri) built on the uBlue framework.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
		- Community & Downstream OCI Projects - These projects are built using Universal Blue infrastructure or base images and utilize BlueBuild to provide specialized versions of the uBlue stack
			- [SecureBlue](https://github.com/secureblue/secureblue) - A security-hardened project that adds kernel hardening, a hardened memory allocator (from GrapheneOS), and reduced attack surfaces to the Fedora Atomic/uBlue base
			- [WayBlue](https://github.com/wayblueorg/wayblue) - A community-driven collection of images providing lean, minimally-opinionated Wayland compositors (Hyprland, Sway, River, Niri, …) built on the uBlue framework
```
